# Legal Constraints:
With the number of legality issues regarding user privacy, it is essential that our sentiment analysis project, heavily reliant on user data, aligns with the proper Twitter guidelines. Hence, Twitter has provided developers with a developer agreement that our team will use in respect to our project. 

The developer agreement contains the restrictions and policies of Twitter’s API’s which closely pertain to our project. Moreover, the restrictive use spans a number of use cases, but our team will focus on the sections that our application intersects. Those sections include Sensitive Information, Off-Twitter Matching, and Measuring the Twitter Service. The first section, Sensitive Information, prohibits developers to use API’s solely on the basis of a user's identity such as health, race, religion etc. The second section, Off-Twitter Matching, does not allow for the use of specific twitter ideas without the consent of the individual. In relation, our application is ambiguous and will not reveal user specific data, respecting user privacy. Lastly, Measuring Twitter Service, prevents the use of Twitter API’s to measure the “ availability, performance, functionality, or usage of Twitter for benchmarking or competitive purposes. “ This last section considers using Twitter API’s for specific cases of user metrics, something our application will make sure to monitor. With the consideration of Twitter’s user policies, our application will be made to respect the identity, privacy, and safety of our user’s data.

# Diversity and Cultural Constraints:
Since our project involves sentiment analysis,  understanding diversity and culture is vastly important to what we are trying to achieve. Sentiment analysis involves taking peoples language and determining an emotional association or sentiment. So it is vastly important to deeply understand the languages we are analyzing including cultural understandings and colloquialisms. 

If we decide to expand our webapp to cover countries outside of the US we would need to take into account the different languages and local customs in each location. Inorder to do this we would need the input and feedback from people from each of the cultures to ensure that the sentiment analysis was done correctly and their language and culture had not been misunderstood. 

Currently our plan is for the scope of our project to stay within the US.  Even within the US there is a multitude of cultures present that we will need to take into account when making use of a sentiment analysis API. We are planning on using an existing API to do this, but it will be important for us to check and ensure the analysis is not misunderstanding the sentiment of the language. We want to be sure that cultural diversity is promoted within our project. So it is important that we take data from multiple cultures within the US and perform a true sentiment analysis. Because it is important to take the input from people from multiple diverse backgrounds and cultures. 

# Social Constraints:
The major target audience for our product is businesses that are trying to determine the public opinion of their company or products. For this reason, social is a main constraint during the creation of our product. Smaller companies and non-profit agencies that do not have the infrastructure to do this research in house are our most likely users. Also, students that are trying to make college and job decisions. Among these audiences, our product would gain the best traction if it was a free service. This will constrain our project because we will need to introduce advertising on our website to be able to provide the service at no cost to the customer. This might also require us to create a free and a premium version of the project. 

Our product is intended to make people’s lives easier. We want to take data that already exists, bring it together, and present intelligent analysis for the user. For this reason, our product must be easy to use and intuitive. If our product takes too long to learn or is confusing to the user they may not find it worth it and choose to just determine public opinion on their own. For this reason our product is constrained by socially perceived ease of use.

# Ethical Constraints:
When working with user data or creating AI solutions, there are many ethical constraints that need to be considered to ensure user privacy and fair representation. For the sake of this project, the sentiment analysis AI will be pre-trained, so any ethical considerations on the training of the AI itself will be handled in choosing the model. The ethical constraints in which our team will have autonomy will be overseeing the privacy of the users whose tweet data will be fed into the model and the quality of data gathered from social media APIs.

The first constraint to consider is maintaining the privacy of users and their data. The tweet data that we gather will only be used for returning values from the sentiment analysis model. The website does not require any further use of the tweet data, so there will be no need to store it long-term. Additionally, the website’s output will not return the name, account handle, content, or any other identifying factor of the original tweets used for the aggregation of public sentiment. Though the API only returns public tweets, the website should prevent any potential vector of singling out a user for his or her tweet.

The second consideration for the website’s ethical constraints would be responsibly conveying public opinion in a neutral manner. The returned results from the API should have tweets from a variety of users. There will be a hard limit of the amount a single user can contribute to the input data for the sentiment analysis model. This is a safeguard to dissuade individuals from having more representation in the analysis of public opinion than anyone else. This both ensures that the results from the website will be safeguarded from both those that are vocal about the searched topic and those who would maliciously skew the website results by creating sample bias.
